ZeroVec documentation polish (#1655)
unicode-org/icu4x: utils/zerovec/README.md

# zerovec [![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/zerovec)](https://crates.io/crates/zerovec)

> Zero-copy vector abstractions for arbitrary types.

Reviewer: Nit: ZeroVec sitting on top of byte arrays is the key differentiator.

```suggestion
Zero-copy data structure abstractions backed by byte slices.
```

> `zerovec` enables a far wider range of types — beyond just `&[u8]` and `&str` — to participate in
> efficient strategies like zero-copy deserialization. It is `serde` compatible and comes equipped with
> proc macros

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`zerovec` enables a far wider range of types — beyond just `&[u8]` and `&str` — to participate in
zero-copy deserialization from byte arrays. It is `serde` compatible and comes equipped with
proc macros.
```

#[derive(Copy, Clone, PartialEq, Eq, Ord, PartialOrd, serde::Serialize, serde::Deserialize)]
struct Date {
    y: u64,
    m: u8,
    d: u8
}

// custom variable sized VarULE type for VarZeroVec
#[zerovec::make_varule(PersonULE)]
#[zerovec::serde]
#[derive(Clone, PartialEq, Eq, Ord, PartialOrd, serde::Serialize, serde::Deserialize)]
struct Person<'a> {
    birthday: Date,
    favorite_character: char,
    #[serde(borrow)]
    name: Cow<'a, str>,
}

#[derive(serde::Serialize, serde::Deserialize)]
struct Data<'a> {
    #[serde(borrow)]
    important_dates: ZeroVec<'a, Date>,
    // note: VarZeroVec always must reference the ULE type directly
    #[serde(borrow)]
    important_people: VarZeroVec<'a, PersonULE>,
    #[serde(borrow)]
    birthdays_to_people: ZeroMap<'a, Date, PersonULE>
}

let person1 = Person {
    birthday: Date { y: 1990, m: 9, d: 7},
    favorite_character: 'π',
    name: Cow::from("Kate")
};
let person2 = Person {
    birthday: Date { y: 1960, m: 5, d: 25},
    favorite_character: '冇',
    name: Cow::from("Jesse")
};

let important_dates = ZeroVec::alloc_from_slice(&[Date { y: 1943, m: 3, d: 20}, Date { y: 1976, m: 8, d: 2}, Date { y: 1998, m: 2, d: 15}]);

> let important_people = VarZeroVec::from(&[person1.clone(), person2.clone()]);

Reviewer: Thought: Not sure why you need to `.clone()` here. These types are just treated as EncodeAsVarULE. Can you borrow them instead?
